Installation and Setups

1. Install from pip -- librosa numpy pandas soundfile
2. Install Windows Softwares -- ffmpeg, ollama, pull ollama 3.2
3. Install from pip -- pip install faster-whisper, pip install ollama
4. Run check_setup.py


pip install soundfile
pip install audioread

System Overview

The system is a multimodal fraud detection pipeline that performs simultaneous acoustic and linguistic 
analysis of audio input. The core of the voice analysis engine utilizes a ResNet-BiLSTM architecture. 
The process begins with the extraction of 3-channel MFCC features, comprising static coefficients, delta, 
and delta-delta transitions. These features are standardized to a fixed 300-frame temporal length to 
eliminate duration-based classification bias.

The feature maps are processed by a Residual Network (ResNet) backbone, which utilizes skip connections 
and convolutional layers to identify fine-grained spectral textures and synthetic artifacts indicative 
of vocoder-generated speech. The resulting spatial feature maps are flattened and passed to a Bidirectional
Long Short-Term Memory (BiLSTM) network. The BiLSTM analyzes the sequential dependencies of the audio in 
both forward and backward temporal directions, capturing unnatural speech flow or robotic prosody common 
in modern text-to-speech engines like ElevenLabs.

To ensure high-speed processing, the system executes the audio classification and the transcription model 
in parallel using an asynchronous thread pool executor. While the ResNet-BiLSTM evaluates the physical 
properties of the sound, a separate transcription engine generates a text-based representation of the 
dialogue. Both outputs—the acoustic spoof probability and the raw transcript—are then fed into a fraud 
analyzer. This final stage uses large language model logic to cross-reference the intent of the text with 
the authenticity of the voice. This dual-verification approach allows the system to prioritize 
intent-based risk scores when the acoustic model produces a high-confidence "Real" result for sophisticated 
deepfakes that lack detectable synthetic signatures